# CITS for Mobiquitous

This repository contains the trajectories used for the paper "Decentralized Collaborative Indoor Tracking".

## Structure
Each folder contains the trajectories for a specific scenario. The folder name is made of the following elements separated with hyphens:
- Algorithm used for collaboration
- Lower threshold
- Upper threshold
- Starting interval (number of seconds before each device starts moving)
- Number of devices in the experiment

The trajectories are grouped into three folders:
- groundtruths: predefined trajectories executed by each device
- inertials: trajectories obtained using the local PDR algorithm
- corrected_trajectories: trajectories obtained after running the collaborative algorithm presented in the paper.

In addition, `parameters.json` contains more details on the experiment such as the devices used with their respective number of interactions.

## Evaluation

`results.csv` contains the results of the evaluation for each of the possible scenarios. The metrics that are been used as benchmarks are:
- `dfd_pdr`: Discrete Fréchet Distance of the trajectory generated by the PDR algorithm compared to the groundtruth.
- `dfd_algorithm`: Discrete Fréchet Distance of the trajectory generated by the collaborative algorithm compared to the groundtruth.
- `mean_localisation_error_pdr`: mean localisation error of the PDR algorithm compared to the groundtruth.
- `mean_localisation_error_algorithm`: mean localisation error of the collaborative algorithm compared to the groundtruth.
- `third_quantile_localisation_error_pdr`: third quantile of the localisation error of the PDR algorithm compared to the groundtruth.
- `third_quantile_localisation_error_algorithm`: third quantile of the localisation error of the collaborative algorithm compared to the groundtruth.

